README.md, before:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junon-corp/jur/main/assets/logo_circle.png" align="right" width="20%" alt="Junon logo" />

# juc
Compiler for the Junon language. Multi-platform and modern design. Only available on Linux for the moment

## Note
The compiler is still under development, and the main branch is not always stable. \
About the Rust code, it's often reviewed to optimize some parts and to better follow the Rust's guidelines. You can contribute on that checking by making a pull request with your changes.

## Simple example
```junon
fun main {
    let a: int = 3
    a = 5

    let b: int = { 4 + 5 }
    ret
}

fun foo: int {
    ret { 6 / 2 }
}
```
Need more things ? While you wait for the documentation, you can [contact me](mailto:antonherault@gmail.com) :)

Be careful, the source code is not yet checked by the compiler. Your code has to be perfect. 

## Documentation
The first Junon language's documentation pages are coming soon.

The [juc](https://github.com/junon-corp/juc) code comments for documentation could be wrong sometimes if a change forgot to update the comment with itself. If you see any documentation error, do not hesitate to open an issue. \
Before each stable version, the documentation will be checked again to avoid these kind of problems.

## Run tests
All tests source code are located in the "tests/" folder. \
Run a test with its name : `tests/run.sh <test name>`. The **test name** could be a folder containing Junon files or a Junon file ("my_test.ju" or "my_test/*.ju")

Note some tests are old and may stop working with the current juc version.

Commit message:

Update README.md with requirements information

README.md, after:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junon-corp/jur/main/assets/logo_circle.png" align="right" width="20%" alt="Junon logo" />

# juc
Compiler for the Junon language. Multi-platform and modern design. Currently only available for Linux

## Note
The compiler is still under development, and the main branch is not always stable.

About the Rust code, it's often reviewed to optimize some parts and to better follow the Rust's guidelines. You can contribute on that checking by making a pull request with your changes.

## Simple example
```junon
fun main {
    let a: int = 3
    a = 5

    let b: int = { 4 + 5 }
    ret
}

fun foo: int {
    ret { 6 / 2 }
}
```
Need more things ? While you wait for the documentation, you can [contact me](mailto:antonherault@gmail.com) :)

Be careful, the source code is not yet checked by the compiler. Your code has to be perfect. 

## Documentation
The first Junon language's documentation pages are coming soon.

The [juc](https://github.com/junon-corp/juc) code comments for documentation could be wrong sometimes if a change forgot to update the comment with itself. If you see any documentation error, do not hesitate to open an issue. \
Before each stable version, the documentation will be checked again to avoid these kind of problems.

## Run tests
All tests source code are located in the "tests/" folder. \
Run a test with its name : `tests/run.sh <test name>`. The **test name** could be a folder containing Junon files or a Junon file ("my_test.ju" or "my_test/*.ju")

Note some tests are old and may stop working with the current juc version.

## Requirements
All dependencies for compilation are specified in the "Cargo.toml" file and are built while compilation.

But some other programs are required by the compiler at runtime, following the platform :
- ### Linux
  - [nasm](https://www.nasm.us/)
  - ld
